Assumptions were available in JUnit 4,
but a new method was added to assume that something was going to happen.
I wouldn't have spent the time to just cover assumptions,
but the assumingThat method adds a unique twist to code to continue
on with a test based off of a certain condition.
In this test here, we've taken advantage of the new Assumptions.
assumingThat method.
And you can see inside of this code on line 11,
we set a property saying that the environment that this is running in is prod,
which is not an uncommon practice to do inside of your application
to see environment properties based off of dev,
test, staging, or production that you're working in.
And on line 12,
we have an assumption saying that assuming that our environment is dev,
go ahead and execute this code that follows.
So our assertion would fail on line 13 if we were in a dev environment.
Let's run this test.
And inside of here,
we're going to get a green test because our environment is set to prod.
If we change this to dev and save this and rerun it,
you'll see that we get that red error back because the test could not continue
and threw the exception based off of the lambda that's there. So the test would've preceded as it did before when we were in prod.